#Examples

This directory contains example trading bots that connect to the paper-trading API.  These scripts are meant to be run in a Node.js app, where you first install the Alpaca node module, then run the trading bot.  Please note you will need to replace the `API_KEY` and `API_SECRET` parameters at the top of the file with your own information from the [Alpaca dashboard](https://app.alpaca.markets/).  Please also note that the performance of these scripts in a real trading environment is not guaranteed. While they are written with the goal of showing realistic uses of the SDK, there is no guarantee that the strategies they outline are a good fit for your own brokerage account.

## Mean Reversion

This trading bot bases its strategy on a mean reversion theory, which essentially in the long run, the stock price will correct to the mean.  This means we'd want to execute trades when the stock price is below the running average, as the theory states that the stock price will eventually rise to the mean.  The bot does this by taking the 20 minute running average stock price of a given stock (in this case "AAPL") and longs or sells based on the average.  After every minute, the bot will re-evaluate the mean and see if adjustments to the position need to be made.  For more information on this strategy, you can read [this link](https://medium.com/automation-generation/a-simple-mean-reversion-stock-trading-script-in-c-fdd3d147af95) detailing a mean reversion strategy in C#.

## Long-Short Equity
This trading bot implements the long-short equity strategy.  This means that the bot will rank a given universe of stocks based on a certain metric, and long the top ranked stocks and short the lower ranked stocks.  More specifically, the bot uses the frequently used 130/30 percent equity split between longs and shorts (130% of equity used for longs, 30% of equity used for shorts).  The bot will then grab the top and bottom 25% of stocks, and long or short them accordingly.  The bot will purchase equal quantities across a bucket of stocks, so all stocks in the long bucket are ordered with the same quantity (same with the short bucket).  After every minute, the bot will re-rank the stocks and make adjustments to the position if necessary.
Some stocks cannot be shorted.  In this case, the bot uses the leftover equity from the stocks that could not be shorted and shorts the stocks have already been shorted.
The bot uses percent change in stock price over the past 10 minutes to rank the stocks, where the stocks the rose the most are longed and the ones that sunk the most are shorted.